{"gifNames":["forest683696","forest381057","forest209014","forest573576","forest761993","forest242100","forest75965","forest792186","forest576717","forest632358","forest526047","forest164238","forest188602","forest535433","forest211376","forest66135","forest918175","forest137266","forest389842","forest489746","forest948370","forest328738","forest369304","forest284588","forest481190","forest860592","forest860359","forest759885","forest522266","forest305425","forest757100","forest219150","forest383121","forest353688","forest506914","forest632582","forest611304","forest315055","forest667596","forest281007","forest635677","forest544281","forest666417","forest925288","forest986870","forest142135","forest935751","forest704234"],"quotes":["i promised the land","i am yours and i will return to you","i didn't deliberate","i was alone by a lake at night","and the promise spoke itself out of me","admitting the bare fact","that my soul felt bigger there","than in the beautiful complex metropolis","is it idolatrous to belong to the land?","even jesus withdrew to the mountains to recoup","to the desert to be tested","land has always been the promise","if it takes my whole life to come round","i am hers and i will return to her."],"replyTo":"997899962628292608"}

"quotes":["The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone. ~ Johann Wolfgang von Goethe","Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet. ~ Roger Miller","An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day. ~ Henry David Thoreau","Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence. ~ Henry David Thoreau","Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very far. ~ Thomas Jefferson","Give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where I can walk undisturbed. ~ Walt Whitman","Perhaps the truth depends on a walk around the lake. ~ Wallace Stevens","There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires. ~ Nelson Mandela","You have to go through the falling down in order to learn to walk. It helps to know that you can survive it. That's an education in itself. ~ Carol Burnett","I walk slowly into myself, through a forest of empty suits of armor. ~ Tomas Transtromer","I do what I feel is right. I am not scared to walk on the new path and take risk. ~ Aamir Khan","A drawing is simply a line going for a walk. ~ Paul Klee","He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche","With fools, there is no companionship. Rather than to live with men who are selfish, vain, quarrelsome, and obstinate, let a man walk alone. ~ Buddha","I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it. ~ Alice Walker","Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower. ~ Hans Christian Andersen","Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson","I want to do to you what spring does with the cherry trees. ~ Pablo Neruda","Nature always wears the colors of the spirit. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson","Keep close to Nature's heart... and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods. Wash your spirit clean. ~ John Muir","The best thing one can do when it's raining is to let it rain. ~ Henry Wadsworth Longfellow","Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!' ~ Robin Williams","The violets in the mountains have broken the rocks. ~ Tennessee Williams","Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley. ~ Theodore Roethke","...if the simple things of nature have a message that you understand, rejoice, for your soul is alive. ~ Eleonora Duse","My soul can find no staircase to Heaven unless it be through Earth's loveliness. ~ Michelangelo","There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar; I love not Man the less, but Nature more. ~ Lord Byron","Earth and sky, woods and fields, lakes and rivers, the mountain and the sea, are excellent schoolmasters, and teach some of us more than we can ever learn from books. ~ John Lubbock","When the green woods laugh with the voice of joy, And the dimpling stream runs laughing by; When the air does laugh with our merry wit, And the green hill laughs with the noise of it. ~ William Blake","I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to each, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived. ~ Henry David Thoreau","The starting point of discovering who you are, your gifts, your talents, your dreams, is being comfortable with yourself. Spend time alone. Write in a journal. Take long walks in the woods. ~ Robin S. Sharma","You will find something more in woods than in books. Trees and stones will teach you that which you can never learn from masters. ~ Saint Bernard","I do like not knowing where I'm going, wandering in strange woods, whistling and following bread crumbs. ~ Tilda Swinton","Come live with me and be my love, And we will all the pleasures prove, That valleys, groves, hills, and fields, Woods, or steepy mountain yields. ~ Christopher Marlowe","Reading about nature is fine, but if a person walks in the woods and listens carefully, he can learn more than what is in books, for they speak with the voice of God. ~ George Washington Carver","I drank the silence of God from a spring in the woods.~ Georg Trakl","I remember when I was a child... walking into the woods by myself and feeling the solitude around me build like electricity and pass through my body with a jolt that made my hair prickle. ~ Marilynne Robinson","There is nothing like being left alone again, to walk peacefully with oneself in the woods. To boil one's coffee and fill one's pipe, and to think idly and slowly as one does it. ~ Knut Hamsun","In nature, nothing is perfect and everything is perfect. Trees can be contorted, bent in weird ways, and they're still beautiful. ~ Alice Walker","I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes. ~ e. e. cummings","Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time. ~ John Lubbock","Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience. Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence. ~ Hal Borland","What is the good of your stars and trees, your sunrise and the wind, if they do not enter into our daily lives? ~ E. M. Forster","If you reveal your secrets to the wind, you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees. ~ Khalil Gibran","The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness. ~ John Muir", "I tried to discover, in the rumor of forests and waves, words that other men could not hear, and I pricked up my ears to listen to the revelation of their harmony. ~ Gustave Flaubert", "If you go to a desert, you will hear this mysterious voice: Be wise, protect your forests! ~ Mehmet Murat ildan", "It was the forest's fault. Those two handsome woodcutters. An evil place, the forest, everyone knew it, full of temptations and imps... ~ Tanith Lee", "The places of quiet are going away, the churches, the woods, the libraries. And it is only in silence we can hear the voice inside of us which gives us true peace. ~ James Rozoff", "I am convinced that most Americans of the new generation have no idea what a decent forest looks like. The only way to tell them is to show them. ~ Aldo Leopold"]}


it's been too long since we've been lost
let's play hide and seek
if we follow the sound of water we can find our way home
have you been here before?
i found a new species of flower; should i name it or leave it alone?
tell me everything, start at the beginning
i won't look at my phone if you don't look at yours
i'll meet you here after everyone else goes home
you can come here whenever you need to get away
you should see this place first thing in the morning
i only come here alone
it's going to rain soon
we can come back later but it won't be the same
i wonder how long it's been since anyone has come this way
what are your earliest memories of this place?
this is my favorite time of day
i saw a fox once on this trail
it's so quiet today
i love it when you laugh softly to yourself 
when we run off to explore different things and then bump into each other again
the lake is around here somewhere
do you want to borrow my sweater?
which way is north again?
never mind whatever i was going to say
how many birds can you hear?
i still dream of this place
i remember playing here as a child
let's go deeper
stillness like this
you're the only one i want to bring here
tell me that story about the hermit again
i don't have anywhere to be; do you?
i heard about this trail from a witch in Southey
shhhhhh


i've been walking here so long i can't remember where i came from



...

...
i promised the land
i am yours and i will return to you
i didn't deliberate
i was alone by a lake at night
and the promise spoke itself out of me
admitting the bare fact
that my soul felt bigger there
than in the beautiful complex metropolis
is it idolatrous to belong to the land?
even jesus withdrew to the mountains to recoup
to the desert to be tested
land has always been the promise
if it takes my whole life to come around
i am hers and i will return to her.

















